# Lego Pick-A-Brick Scraper

## Overview

The **Lego Pick-A-Brick Scraper** is a Python script designed to extract all active parts available on the Lego Pick-A-Brick website. It gathers essential information such as Element ID, Design number, part name, color ID, ,Current price and many more for each Lego part.

## Features

- Scrapes data from the Lego Pick-A-Brick website to retrieve:
  - Element ID
  - Design number
  - Part name
  - Color ID
  - Current price
- Outputs the data into a clean usable csv formatt

## Results

The scraped data is saved into a CSV file format. This CSV file can be easily imported and used in conjunction with tools like VLOOKUP in spreadsheet applications (e.g., Microsoft Excel, Google Sheets). This enables Lego enthusiasts and customers to quickly search and create lists of available parts from Lego Pick-A-Brick for various purposes, such as:

- Creating custom Lego sets
- Building new models (MOCs - My Own Creations)
- Finding specific Lego parts for repairs or upgrades

## Usage

To use the Lego Pick-A-Brick Scraper:

1. Clone the repository or download the Python script.
2. Install the required dependencies as specified in the requirements.txt.
3. Run the script in your Python environment.

The output CSV file will contain detailed information about each Lego part currently available on the Lego Pick-A-Brick website.

## Example

Here's a sample CSV file structure generated by the script:

Element ID, Design number, Part name, Color ID, Current price

12345, ABC-123, Brick 2x2, Red, $0.10

67890, DEF-456, Plate 1x4, Blue, $0.15
...


## Benefits

- **Convenience**: Quickly access and search for specific Lego parts without navigating through the Lego Pick-A-Brick website manually.
- **Accuracy**: Ensures accurate and up-to-date information on part availability and pricing.
- **Efficiency**: Saves time by automating the data extraction process.

## Contributing

Contributions to the Lego Pick-A-Brick Scraper project are welcome! If you encounter issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
